Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under the section titled “Risk Factors” or in other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any period in the future. Except as otherwise noted, all references to 2025 refer to the year ended December 31, 2025, references to 2024 refer to the year ended December 31, 2024, and references to 2023 refer to the year ended December 31, 2023.

This section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K discusses 2025 and 2024 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2025 and 2024. Discussions of 2023 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2024 and 2023 are not included in this Form 10-K, and can be found in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Item 7 of Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, filed on February 13, 2025.

34
Table of Contents
Glossary of Terms
Active booker		
An active booker is a unique guest who has booked a stay, experience, or service in a given period.
Active listing		
We consider a listing of a home or an experience to be an active listing if it is viewable on Airbnb and has been previously booked at least once on Airbnb (excluding HotelTonight).
Available listings		
Available listings are accommodations, experiences, and services that are viewable on a certain date on our platform (excluding HotelTonight).
Check-ins		
Check-ins represent individual stays, experiences, or services that occur during a period that have not been canceled.
Co-hosts		
Co-hosts are experienced hosts who provide personalized support based on the hosts’ needs, from listing setup to managing bookings and communicating with guests.
Guest arrivals		Guest arrivals represent an individual and all co-travelers included on a reservation for a stay for completed check-ins during a given period.
Hosts		We count the number of hosts on our platform based on the number of users with available listings as of a certain date.
Payments to customers
We make payments to customers as part of our referral programs and marketing promotions, and refund activities. The payments are generally in the form of coupon credits to be applied toward future bookings or as cash refunds.
 

Overview

Airbnb was founded in 2007 when two hosts welcomed three guests to their San Francisco home, and has since grown into a global community of over 5 million hosts who have welcomed over 2.5 billion guest arrivals in almost every country and region across the globe. Every day, hosts offer unique stays, experiences, and services that enable guests to connect with communities in a more authentic way. We operate a global marketplace connecting guests with stays, experiences, and services, collectively in over 220 countries and regions. Our offerings have expanded to include services and redesigned experiences, which launched in May 2025.

We operate with five key stakeholders in mind: our employees, shareholders, hosts, guests, and the communities we serve. Our commitment to making long-term decisions that benefit all these stakeholders is fundamental to our sustained success.
2025 Financial Highlights

In 2025, revenue increased by 10% to $12.2 billion compared to the prior year, primarily due to an increase in the number of check-ins relating to Nights and Seats Booked and a modest increase in Average Daily Rate (“ADR”).

In 2025, net income decreased by 5% to $2.5 billion, compared to the prior year, primarily due to an increase in compensation expense and marketing spend, as well as lower interest income, which was partially offset by the increase in revenue of $1.1 billion.

Cash provided by operating activities was $4.6 billion in 2025, compared to $4.5 billion in the prior year. Free Cash Flow1 (“FCF”) was $4.6 billion in 2025, compared to $4.5 billion in the prior year.

In 2025, we repurchased 29.7 million shares of Class A common stock for $3.8 billion, leaving $5.6 billion available to repurchase under our share repurchase program.
Macroeconomic and Geopolitical Conditions on our Business

As we look forward, we recognize the potential impact of challenging macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions on our business, including inflation, interest rates, foreign currency fluctuations, tariffs and trade controls, and potential decreased consumer spending. To date, these conditions have not had a material impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition; however, the impact in the future of these macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions on our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition is uncertain and will depend on future developments that we may not be able to accurately predict.

Key Business Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures

We track the following key business metrics and financial measures that are not calculated and presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”) (“non-GAAP financial measures”) to evaluate our operating performance, identify trends, formulate financial projections, and make strategic decisions. Accordingly, we believe that these key business metrics and non-GAAP financial measures provide useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our results of operations in the same manner as our management team. We believe that non-GAAP financial information, when taken collectively, may be helpful to investors because it provides consistency and comparability with past financial performance, and assists in comparisons with other companies, some of which use similar non-GAAP financial information to supplement their U.S. GAAP results.
1 A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures is provided under the subsection titled “Key Business Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures— Free Cash Flow Reconciliation” below.
35
Table of Contents

These key business metrics and non-GAAP financial measures are presented for supplemental informational purposes only, should not be considered a substitute for financial information presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and may be different from similarly titled metrics or measures presented by other companies. A reconciliation of each non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable financial measure stated in accordance with U.S. GAAP is provided under the subsection titled “— Adjusted EBITDA Reconciliation” and “— Free Cash Flow Reconciliation” below. Investors are encouraged to review the related U.S. GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures.

Key Business Metrics

We review the following key business metrics to measure our performance, identify trends, formulate financial projections, and make strategic decisions. We are not aware of any uniform standards for calculating these key metrics, which may hinder comparability with other companies that may calculate similarly titled metrics in a different way.


The following table summarizes our key business metrics, for each period presented below (in millions, except percentages):

2024	2025	% Change
Nights and Seats Booked
492 		533 		8 	%
Gross Booking Value	$	81,784 		$	91,273 		12 	%
 

Nights and Seats Booked

Nights and Seats Booked is a key measure of the scale of our platform, which in turn drives our financial performance. Nights and Seats Booked on our platform in a period represents the sum of the total number of nights booked for stays and the total number of seats booked for experiences and services, net of cancellations and alterations that occurred in that period. For example, a booking made on February 15 would be reflected in Nights and Seats Booked for our quarter ended March 31. If, in the example, the booking were canceled on May 15, Nights and Seats Booked would be reduced by the cancellation for our quarter ended June 30. A night can include one or more guests and can be for a listing with one or more bedrooms. Nights and Seats Booked grows as we attract new customers to our platform and as repeat guests increase their activity on our platform. A seat is booked for each participant in an experience or service. Substantially all of the bookings on our platform to date have come from nights. We believe Nights and Seats Booked is a key business metric to help investors and others understand and evaluate our results of operations in the same manner as our management team, as it represents a single unit of transaction on our platform.
 
The increase in our Nights and Seats Booked was driven by strong growth across all regions.

Gross Booking Value

GBV represents the dollar value of bookings on our platform in a period and is inclusive of host earnings, service fees, cleaning fees, and taxes, net of cancellations and alterations that occurred during that period. The timing of recording GBV and any related cancellations is similar to that described in the subsection titled “— Key Business Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures — Nights and Seats Booked” above. Revenue from the booking is recognized upon check-in; accordingly, GBV is a leading indicator of revenue. The entire amount of a booking is reflected in GBV during the quarter in which booking occurs, whether the guest pays the entire amount of the booking upfront or elects to use our Pay Less Upfront program. Growth in GBV reflects our ability to attract and retain customers and reflects growth in Nights and Seats Booked.

The increase in our GBV was primarily due to an increase in Nights and Seats Booked, combined with a modest increase in ADR. Similar to Nights and Seats Booked, our GBV improvement was driven by growth in bookings in all regions.

Non-GAAP Financial Measures

Our non-GAAP financial measures include Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA Margin, FCF, and FCF Margin, which are described below. A reconciliation of each non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable financial measure stated in accordance with U.S. GAAP is provided below. Investors are encouraged to review the related U.S. GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measures. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin have limitations as a financial measure, should be considered as supplemental in nature, and are not meant as a substitute for the related financial information prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Because of these limitations, Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin should be considered alongside other financial performance measures, including net income and net income margin as well as our other U.S. GAAP results. FCF and FCF Margin have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of other U.S. GAAP financial measures, such as net cash provided by operating activities and net cash provided by operating activities margin. FCF and FCF Margin do not reflect our ability to meet future contractual commitments and may be calculated differently by other companies in our industry, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures.

36
Table of Contents
Non-GAAP Measure	Definition	Purpose of Non-GAAP Measure
Adjusted EBITDA &
Adjusted EBITDA Margin	
Adjusted EBITDA: Net income adjusted for:
•provision for income taxes;
•other expense, net;
•interest income;
•depreciation and amortization;
•stock-based compensation expense;
•acquisition-related impacts consisting of gains (losses) recognized on changes in the fair value of contingent consideration arrangements;
•settlements and reserves for lodging, withholding, transactional and other non-income taxes where significant uncertainty exists as to how these taxes apply to users of our platform and Airbnb; and
•stock-settlement obligations, which represent employer and related taxes related to our Initial Public Offering (“IPO”).

Adjusted EBITDA Margin: Adjusted EBITDA divided by revenue.
•Enhances comparability on a consistent basis and provides investors with useful insight into the underlying trends of the business.

•Used by management to make operating decisions such as evaluating performance, performing strategic planning, and budgeting.

FCF & FCF Margin
FCF: Net cash provided by operating activities less purchases of property and equipment.

FCF Margin: FCF divided by revenue.
•Indicator of liquidity that provides information to our management and investors about the amount of cash generated from operations, after purchases of property and equipment, that can be used for strategic initiatives.
Constant currency revenue growth rate
The change in the current period revenue over the prior comparable period where current period foreign currency revenue is translated using the exchange rates of the comparative period.
•Enhances comparability and provides investors with useful insight into the operational changes in revenue.

•Used by management for financial and operational decision-making and as a means to evaluate performance by excluding the effects of foreign currency volatility which is not indicative of our core operating results.
 

The following table summarizes our non-GAAP financial measures, along with the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measures, for each period presented below (in millions, except percentages):

2024	2025
Net income	$	2,648 		$	2,511 	
Net income margin
24 	%	21 	%
Adjusted EBITDA	$	4,041 		$	4,297 	
Adjusted EBITDA Margin
36 	%	35 	%
Net cash provided by operating activities	$	4,518 		$	4,646 	
Net cash provided by operating activities margin
41 	%	38 	%
FCF
$	4,484 		$	4,613 	
FCF Margin
40 	%	38 	%
 

37
Table of Contents
Adjusted EBITDA Reconciliation

The following is a reconciliation of net income to Adjusted EBITDA (in millions, except percentages):

2024	2025
Revenue	$	11,102 		$	12,241 	
Net income
$	2,648 		$	2,511 	
Adjusted to exclude the following:		
Provision for income taxes
683 		626 	
Other expense, net	40 		112 	
Interest income	(818)		(705)	
Depreciation and amortization	65 		91 	
Stock-based compensation expense	1,407 		1,592 	
Acquisition-related impacts	(7)		1 	
Lodging taxes, host withholding taxes, and transactional taxes, net
23 		74 	
Stock-settlement obligations related to IPO
— 		(5)	
Adjusted EBITDA	$	4,041 		$	4,297 	
Adjusted EBITDA Margin
36 	%	35 	%
 

The above items are excluded from our Adjusted EBITDA measure because they are non-cash in nature, or because the amount and timing of these items are unpredictable, not driven by core results of operations, and renders comparisons with prior periods and competitors less meaningful.

The increase in Adjusted EBITDA in 2025, compared to the prior year, was primarily due to revenue growth from an increase in the number of check-ins for Nights and Seats Booked and a modest increase in ADR.
Free Cash Flow Reconciliation

The following is a reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities to FCF (in millions, except percentages):

 	2024	2025
Revenue	$	11,102 		$	12,241 	
 		
Net cash provided by operating activities	$	4,518 		$	4,646 	
Purchases of property and equipment	(34)		(33)	
FCF
$	4,484 		$	4,613 	
FCF Margin
40 	%	38 	%
 

Our FCF is impacted by the timing of GBV because we collect our service fees at the time of booking, which is generally before a stay, experience, or service occurs. Funds held on behalf of our customers and amounts payable to our customers do not impact FCF, except interest earned on these funds.

Constant Currency

In addition to revenue growth rates derived from revenue presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP, we disclose the percentage change in our current period revenue from the corresponding prior period by comparing the change in revenue using constant currencies. We present constant currency revenue growth rate information to provide a framework for assessing how our underlying revenue performed excluding the effect of changes in exchange rates. We use the percentage change in constant currency revenues for financial and operational decision-making and as a means to evaluate period-to-period comparisons. We believe the presentation of revenue on a constant currency basis in addition to the U.S. GAAP presentation helps improve the ability to understand our performance because it excludes the effects of foreign currency volatility that are not indicative of our core operating results.

Geographic Mix

Our operations are global, and certain trends in our business, such as Nights and Seats Booked, GBV, revenue, ADR, and Nights per Booking vary by geography.

The following table summarizes by region our Nights and Seats Booked, GBV, and revenue, determined based on the location of the host’s listing (in millions, except percentages):

38
Table of Contents
2024	% of Total		2025	% of Total		% Change
Nights and Seats Booked							
North America	154 		31 	%		158 		30 	%		3 	%
EMEA	201 		41 			215 		40 			7 	
Latin America	76 		16 			90 		17 			18 	
Asia Pacific	61 		12 			70 		13 			15 	
Total	492 		100 	%		533 		100 	%		8 	%
Gross Booking Value							
North America	$	37,816 		46 	%		$	40,295 		44 	%		7 	%
EMEA	29,750 		36 			34,162 		37 			15 	
Latin America	7,092 		9 			8,542 		10 			20 	
Asia Pacific	7,126 		9 			8,274 		9 			16 	
Total	$	81,784 		100 	%		$	91,273 		100 	%		12 	%
 
Revenue							
North America	$	5,006 		45 	%		$	5,196 		42 	%		4 	%
EMEA	4,135 		37 			4,729 		39 			14 	
Latin America	969 		9 			1,160 		10 			20 	
Asia Pacific	992 		9 			1,156 		9 			17 	
Total	$	11,102 		100 	%		$	12,241 		100 	%		10 	%
 
We saw a 3% increase in ADR in 2025 compared to the prior year, primarily due to higher ADR in EMEA, which increased by 8%.
Our total Company average nights per booking, excluding experiences and services, was 3.7 in 2025 compared to 3.8 in 2024. Average nights per booking in 2025 was 4.1 for North America, 3.8 for EMEA, 3.6 for Latin America, and 3.3 for Asia Pacific. We expect that our blended global average nights per booking will continue to fluctuate based on our geographic mix and changes in traveler behaviors.

In 2024 and 2025, no single city represented more than 2% of our revenue before adjustments for incentives and refunds, or more than 1% of our active listings as of December 31, 2024 and 2025.

Results of Operations

The following table sets forth our results of operations (in millions, except percentages):

2024		2025		
Amount	% of Revenue		Amount	% of Revenue		% Change
Revenue	$	11,102 		100 	%		$	12,241 		100 	%		10 	%
Costs and expenses:							
Cost of revenue	1,878 		16 			2,086 		17 			11 	
Operations and support(1)
1,282 		12 			1,327 		11 			4 	
Product development(1)
2,056 		19 			2,354 		19 			14 	
Sales and marketing(1)
2,148 		19 			2,588 		21 			20 	
General and administrative(1)
1,185 		11 			1,342 		11 			13 	
Total costs and expenses	8,549 		77 			9,697 		79 			13 	
Income from operations	2,553 		23 			2,544 		21 			— 	
Interest income	818 		7 			705 		6 			(14)	
Other expense, net
(40)		— 			(112)		(1)			180 	
Income before income taxes	3,331 		30 			3,137 		26 			(6)	
Provision for income taxes	683 		6 			626 		5 			(8)	
Net income	$	2,648 		24 	%		$	2,511 		21 	%		(5)	%
 

39
Table of Contents
(1)Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows (in millions, except percentages):

2024	
% of Total
2025	
% of Total
% Change
Operations and support	$	90 		6 	%		$	90 		6 	%		— 	%
Product development	886 		63 	%		1,017 		64 	%		15 	%
Sales and marketing	170 		12 	%		212 		13 	%		25 	%
General and administrative	261 		19 	%		273 		17 	%		5 	%
Stock-based compensation expense	$	1,407 		100 	%		$	1,592 		100 	%		13 	%
 

Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2024 and 2025

Revenue

Our revenue consists of service fees, net of incentives and refunds, charged to our customers. For stays, service fees, which are charged to customers as a percentage of the value of the booking, excluding taxes, vary based on factors specific to the booking, such as booking value, the duration of the booking, geography, and host type. For experiences and services, we only earn a host fee. Substantially all of our revenue comes from stays booked on our platform. Incentives include our referral programs and marketing promotions to encourage the use of our platform and attract new customers. We experience a difference in timing between when a booking is made and when we recognize revenue, which occurs upon check-in. We record the service fees that we collect from customers prior to check-in on our balance sheet as unearned fees. Revenue is net of incentives and refunds provided to customers.

(in millions, except percentages)
2024	2025	% Change
Revenue	$	11,102 		$	12,241 		10 	%
 

Revenue increased $1.1 billion, or 10%, in 2025, primarily due to an increase in the number of check-ins relating to Nights and Seats Booked. On a constant-currency basis, revenue increased 10% compared to the same period in the prior year.

Cost of Revenue

Cost of revenue includes payment processing costs, including merchant fees and chargebacks, costs associated with third-party data centers used to host our platform, and amortization of internally developed software and acquired technology. As the merchant of record, we bear all payment processing costs for our bookings, including those from chargebacks due to both fraud and non-fraud activities. Cost of revenue may vary as a percentage of revenue from year to year based on activity on our platform and may also vary from quarter to quarter as a percentage of revenue based on the seasonality of our business and the difference in the timing of when bookings are made and when we recognize revenue.

(in millions, except percentages)
2024	2025	% Change
Cost of revenue	$	1,878 		$	2,086 		11 	%
Percentage of revenue	16 	%	17 	%	
 

Cost of revenue increased $208 million, or 11%, primarily due to a $188 million increase in merchant fees, due to higher pay-in volumes, a $28 million increase in amortization costs related to capitalized internal-use software projects, and a $27 million increase in data hosting services. These increases were partially offset by a reduction in chargebacks of $29 million and a reduction in other service costs of $12 million, which includes authentication, translation, and SMS services.

Operations and Support

Operations and support expense primarily consists of personnel-related expenses and third-party service provider charges associated with community support provided via phone, email, and chat to customers; customer relations costs, which include refunds and credits related to customer satisfaction and expenses associated with our host protection programs; and allocated costs for facilities and information technology.

(in millions, except percentages)
2024	2025	% Change
Operations and support	$	1,282 		$	1,327 		4 	%
Percentage of revenue	12 	%	11 	%	
 

Operations and support expense increased $45 million, or 4%, in 2025, primarily due to a $33 million increase in payroll-related expenses, an increase in insurance costs of $14 million, due to higher premiums as a result of higher nights booked, an $11 million increase in allocated costs for facilities and information technology, and an increase in expensed software and equipment of $10 million. These increases were partially offset by an $18 million decrease in customer relations costs resulting from lower refunds and credits.
40
Table of Contents
Product Development

Product development expense primarily consists of personnel-related expenses and third-party service provider expenditures incurred in connection with the development of our platform, and allocated costs for facilities and information technology.

(in millions, except percentages)
2024	2025	% Change
Product development	$	2,056 		$	2,354 		14 	%
Percentage of revenue	19 	%	19 	%	
 

Product development expense increased $298 million, or 14%, in 2025, primarily due to a $293 million increase in payroll-related expenses driven by an increase in headcount.

Sales and Marketing

Sales and marketing expense primarily consists of brand and performance marketing, personnel-related expenses, including those related to our field operations, policy and communications, portions of referral incentives and coupons, and allocated costs for facilities and information technology.

(in millions, except percentages)
2024	2025	% Change
Brand and performance marketing	$	1,455 		$	1,595 		10 	%
Field operations and policy	693 		993 		43 	%
Total sales and marketing	$	2,148 		$	2,588 		20 	%
Percentage of revenue	19 	%	21 	%	
 

Sales and marketing expense increased $440 million, or 20%, in 2025, primarily due to a $163 million increase in marketing activities, a $121 million increase in payroll-related expense driven by an increase in headcount, and a $102 million increase in in third-party service provider expenses.

General and Administrative

General and administrative expense primarily consists of personnel costs for management and administrative functions (finance, accounting, legal, human resources), professional services fees, corporate and director and officer insurance, allocated costs for facilities and information technology, and indirect taxes, including lodging tax reserves.

(in millions, except percentages)
2024	2025	% Change
General and administrative	$	1,185 		$	1,342 		13 	%
Percentage of revenue	11 	%	11 	%	
 

General and administrative expense increased $157 million, or 13%, in 2025, primarily due to a $74 million increase from non-income taxes and related fees and penalties, a $51 million increase in payroll-related expenses driven by an increase in headcount, and an increase in professional service fees of $37 million.

Interest Income

Interest income consists primarily of interest earned on our cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and amounts held on behalf of customers.

(in millions, except percentages)
2024	2025	% Change
Interest income	$	818 		$	705 		(14)	%
 

Interest income decreased $113 million, or 14%, in 2025, due to lower interest rates, partially offset by higher investment balances.

Other Expense, Net

Other expense, net consists primarily of realized and unrealized gains and losses on foreign currency transactions and balances, unrealized gains and losses on derivatives, the change in fair value of investments and financial instruments, including our share of income or loss from our equity method investments, and interest expense, which consists primarily of interest associated with various non-income tax reserves, amortization of debt issuance, and debt discount costs.


41
Table of Contents
(in millions, except percentages)
2024	2025	% Change
Other expense, net
$	(40)		$	(112)		180 	%
 

The change in other expense, net of $72 million in 2025, was primarily due to net foreign exchange losses of $64 million, partially offset by lower impairment charges on investments in privately-held companies compared to the prior year.

Provision for income taxes

We are subject to income taxes in the United States and foreign jurisdictions in which we do business. Foreign jurisdictions have different statutory tax rates than those in the United States. Additionally, certain of our foreign earnings may also be taxable in the United States. We expect our effective tax rate in the future to depend upon the proportion between the following items and income before income taxes: U.S. tax benefits from foreign-derived intangible income, U.S. tax on foreign income net of allowable credits, tax effects from share-based compensation, research tax credits, tax effects from capital losses not expected to be utilized, settlement of tax contingency items, tax effects of changes in our business, and the effects of changes in tax law.

(in millions, except percentages)
2024	2025	% Change
Provision for income taxes	$	683 		$	626 		(8)	%
Effective tax rate	21 	%	20 	%	
 
The provision for income taxes decreased by $57 million, or 8%, due to reduced taxes accrued driven by a larger foreign derived intangible income benefit and a $105 million reduction in uncertain tax positions relating to prior years, partially offset by the recognition of a $213 million valuation allowance against the corporate alternative minimum tax (“CAMT”) credit deferred tax asset.

On July 4, 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (the “OBBBA”) was signed into law. Included in this legislation are provisions that allow for the immediate expensing of domestic U.S. research and development expenses and changes to the U.S. taxation of foreign derived intangible income. Following the enactment of the OBBBA, management concluded it is no longer more-likely-than-not that we are able to utilize our historic CAMT credits. Management further concluded that no prudent and feasible tax-planning strategies are currently available to utilize the existing CAMT credits. Our policy is to not consider the impact of future years’ CAMT in our valuation allowance assessment for deferred tax assets other than CAMT credits. The amount of the valuation allowance may be adjusted in future quarters if estimates of future taxable income change. We will continue to evaluate the full impact of legislative changes as more guidance becomes available.
Liquidity and Capital Resources

Sources and Conditions of Liquidity

As of December 31, 2025, our principal sources of liquidity were cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments totaling $11.0 billion. As of December 31, 2025, cash and cash equivalents totaled $6.6 billion, which included $2.3 billion held by our foreign subsidiaries. Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on deposit with banks and interest-bearing accounts and highly-liquid securities with an original maturity of 90 days or less. As of December 31, 2025, short-term investments totaled $4.5 billion. Short-term investments primarily consist of highly-liquid investment grade corporate debt securities, time deposits, commercial paper, certificates of deposit, U.S. government and government agency debt securities (“government bonds”), and mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities. These short-term investments do not include funds of $7.0 billion as of December 31, 2025, that were held for bookings in advance of guests completing check-ins, which are recorded separately on our consolidated balance sheets in funds receivable and amounts held on behalf of customers with a corresponding liability in funds payable and amounts payable to customers.

Our cash and cash equivalents are generally held at large global systemically important banks (“G-SIBs”) which are subject to high capital requirements and are required to regularly perform stringent stress tests related to their ability to absorb capital losses. Our cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments held outside the United States may be repatriated, subject to certain limitations, and would be available to be used to fund our domestic operations. However, repatriation of such funds may result in additional tax liabilities. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments balances in the United States are sufficient to fund our working capital needs.

We have access to $1.0 billion of commitments and a $200 million sub-limit for the issuance of letters of credit under the 2022 Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2025, no amounts were drawn under the 2022 Credit Facility and outstanding letters of credit totaled $20 million. See Note 10, Debt, to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of the 2022 Credit Facility.

Material Cash Requirements

As of December 31, 2025, we had outstanding $2.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of indebtedness of our 0% convertible senior notes due on March 15, 2026.

In March 2021, in connection with the pricing of the 2026 Notes, we entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions (the “Capped Calls”) with certain of the initial purchasers and other financial institutions (the "option counterparties") at a cost of approximately $100 million. The cap price of the Capped Calls was $360.80 per share of Class A common stock, which represented a premium of 100% over the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock of $180.40 per share on March 3, 2021, subject to certain customary adjustments under the terms of the Capped Calls.
42
Table of Contents

As of December 31, 2025, our total minimum lease payments were $272 million, of which $86 million is due in 2026. We have a commercial agreement with a data hosting services provider to spend or incur an aggregate of at least $1.7 billion for vendor services through 2031. See Note 9, Leases, Note 10, Debt, and Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies, to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information regarding these commitments.

In February 2024, our board of directors approved a share repurchase program to purchase up to $6.0 billion of our Class A common stock.
In August 2025, our board of directors approved a new share repurchase program with an authorization to purchase up to an additional $6.0 billion of our Class A common stock. Share repurchases under the share repurchase programs may be made through a variety of methods, which may include open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, block trades, or accelerated share repurchase transactions or by any combination of such methods. Any such repurchases will be made from time to time subject to market and economic conditions, applicable legal requirements, and other relevant factors. The share repurchase programs do not obligate us to repurchase any specific number of shares and may be modified, suspended, or terminated at any time at our discretion. In 2025, we repurchased an aggregate of 29.7 million shares of Class A common stock for $3.8 billion through two share repurchase programs. As of December 31, 2025, we completed the repurchases under the February 2024 share repurchase program and had $5.6 billion available to repurchase shares of Class A common stock under our August 2025 share repurchase program.

Cash Flows

The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated (in millions):

 	2024	2025
Net cash provided by operating activities	$	4,518 		$	4,646 	
Net cash used in investing activities	(616)		(748)	
Net cash used in financing activities	(3,572)		(3,827)	
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash	(237)		655 	
 

Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities

Net cash provided by operating activities in 2025 was $4.6 billion, which was primarily due to net income of $2.5 billion, and $122 million provided by unearned fees, resulting from growth in bookings, partially offset by a decrease in prepaids and other assets of $346 million. Additionally, we had adjustments for non-cash charges primarily consisting of $1.6 billion of stock-based compensation expense.

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities

Net cash used in investing activities in 2025 was $748 million, which was primarily due to purchases of short-term investments, partially offset by proceeds from sales and maturities of short-term investments.

Net Cash Used in Financing Activities

Net cash used in financing activities in 2025 was $3.8 billion, primarily due to share repurchases of $3.8 billion and taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards of $561 million, partially offset by an increase in funds payable and amounts payable to customers of $401 million.

Effect of Exchange Rates

The effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash on our consolidated statements of cash flows relates to certain assets, principally cash balances held on behalf of customers, that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of certain of our subsidiaries. In 2025, we recorded an increase of $655 million in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, primarily due to the weakening of the U.S. dollar against major currencies, mainly the Euro and British Pound. The impact of exchange rate changes on cash balances can serve as a natural hedge for the effect of exchange rates on our liabilities to our hosts and guests.

We assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate cash to fund our short- and long-term cash requirements. As such, we believe that the cash flows generated from operating activities will meet our anticipated cash requirements in the short-term, which include the repayment of our 2026 Notes. In addition to normal working capital requirements, we anticipate that our short- and long-term cash requirements will include share repurchases, introduction of new products and offerings, timing and extent of spending to support our efforts to develop our platform, debt repayments, and expansion of sales and marketing activities. Our future capital requirements, however, will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to our growth, headcount, and ability to attract and retain customers on our platform. Additionally, we may in the future raise additional capital or incur additional indebtedness to continue to fund our strategic initiatives. On a long-term basis, we plan to rely on either our access to the capital markets or our credit facility for any long-term funding not provided by operating cash flows and cash on hand. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may seek to raise additional funds at any time through equity, equity-linked arrangements, and/or debt, which may not be available on favorable terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired and at reasonable rates, our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Our liquidity is subject to various risks including the risks identified in the section titled “Risk Factors” in Item IA of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the market risks identified in the section titled "Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk" in Item 7A of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

43
Table of Contents
Indemnification Agreements

In the ordinary course of business, we include limited indemnification provisions under certain agreements with parties with whom we have commercial relations of varying scope and terms. See Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies, to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K further information regarding our indemnification agreements.

Critical Accounting Estimates

Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. On an ongoing basis, we reconsider and evaluate our estimates and assumptions.

We base our estimates on historical experience, current trends, and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could materially differ from any of our estimates under different assumptions or conditions. Our significant accounting policies are discussed in Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We believe the accounting estimates listed below are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results, and they require our most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, resulting from the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain.

Lodging Tax Obligations and Other Non-Income Tax Matters

In jurisdictions where we do not collect and remit lodging taxes, the responsibility for collecting and remitting these taxes, if applicable, generally rests with hosts. Airbnb is also subject to other non-income taxes primarily arising from transactions with our customers such as transactional taxes (sales, value-added, business, digital service, and similar taxes) where there may be significant uncertainty as to how the taxes apply to our platform, as well as uncertainty on the applicability of withholding taxes on certain payments made to hosts. We estimate liabilities for a certain number of jurisdictions with respect to federal, state, city, and local taxes related to lodging and other non-income taxes where we believe it is probable that Airbnb could be held liable, or, in the case of lodging taxes, jointly and severally liable with hosts for collecting and remitting such taxes, and the related amounts can be reasonably estimated. Changes to these liabilities are recorded in general and administrative expense in our consolidated statements of operations.

Evaluating potential outcomes for lodging and other non-income taxes is inherently uncertain and requires us to utilize various judgments, assumptions, and estimates in determining our liability reserves. A variety of factors could affect our potential obligation for collecting and remitting such taxes, which include, but are not limited to, whether we determine, or any tax authority asserts, that we have a responsibility to collect lodging or other non-income and related taxes on either historic or future transactions; the introduction of new ordinances and taxes which subject our operations to such taxes; or the ultimate resolution of any historic claims that may be settled. Accordingly, the ultimate resolution of lodging and other non-income taxes may be greater or less than reserve amounts we have established. See Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies, to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.

Income Taxes

We are subject to income taxes in the United States and foreign jurisdictions. We account for income taxes using the asset and liability method. We account for uncertainty in tax positions by recognizing a tax benefit from uncertain tax positions when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination. Evaluating our uncertain tax positions, determining our provision for (benefit from) income taxes, and evaluating the impact of tax law changes, are inherently uncertain and require making judgments, assumptions, and estimates.

In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we consider both positive and negative evidence regarding the realizability of deferred tax assets across our operating jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes and income tax assets and liabilities, including evaluating uncertainties in the application of accounting principles and complex tax laws. Our actual and forecasted income (loss) before provision is subject to change due to economic, political, and other conditions and significant judgment is required in determining our ability to recognize our net deferred tax assets.

As of December 31, 2025, we have determined that it is more likely than not that our U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets are realizable, except for California research and development credits, capital losses, certain losses subject to dual consolidated loss rules and CAMT credits. Changes in valuation allowance during interim periods are reflected in the annual effective tax rate, with any releases based on future taxable income recorded as discrete tax benefits. In 2025, we recorded a $213 million valuation allowance against deferred tax assets related to CAMT credits.

While we believe that we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be different. We adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the provision for (benefit from) income taxes and the effective tax rate in the period in which such determination is made.

44
Table of Contents
Recent Accounting Pronouncements

See Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.